what do you have two beards that's none
of your business
I traveled all the way across the
country to rob a goddamn charity
what associate steaks mom you still
hit like your father not working
with that poison come on boy be
just like old times you mean a living
nightmare why didn't you say so
I'm in you got one job
just keep your deviant mouth come
on in fellas I'll bet that got
lips like a right in time excuse me
what's up you got smaller you
we're a charity when you walk out those
doors you're representing out there are
some change think about somebody besides
your self well bless your heart
cheap little you reek of whiskey
you know the rules and you're flattering
them flouting I never sucked jizz out of
nobody's ass believe that spell chain
I'm a good girl but sometimes I need to
be bad tell me how dirty this is
that's a dumpster an alley it's pretty
dirty yes okay it's
dirty I am going to have to ask you to
watch your language when you're
representing this city I'm going to have
to ask you to suck my dick
one time I ate too much turkey bacon I
didn't poop for two weeks for four weeks
is this your spawn do I look like I made
him well if this ain't fetal alcohol
syndrome then what the is
[Music]